buildLayoutGraph time: 3ms
makeSpaceForEdgeLabels time: 0ms
removeSelfEdges time: 0ms
acyclic time: 0ms
nestingGraph.run time: 1ms
rank time: 3ms
injectEdgeLabelProxies time: 0ms
removeEmptyRanks time: 1ms
nestingGraph.cleanup time: 0ms
normalizeRanks time: 0ms
assignRankMinMax time: 0ms
removeEdgeLabelProxies time: 1ms
normalize.run time: 0ms
parentDummyChains time: 1ms
addBorderSegments time: 0ms
order time: 10ms
insertSelfEdges time: 0ms
adjustCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
position time: 5ms
positionSelfEdges time: 0ms
removeBorderNodes time: 0ms
normalize.undo time: 1ms
fixupEdgeLabelCoords time: 0ms
undoCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
translateGraph time: 0ms
assignNodeIntersects time: 0ms
reversePoints time: 0ms
acyclic.undo time: 1ms
runLayout time: 25ms
updateInputGraph time: 0ms
layout time: 29ms
buildLayoutGraph time: 357ms
makeSpaceForEdgeLabels time: 6ms
removeSelfEdges time: 1ms
acyclic time: 31ms
nestingGraph.run time: 51ms
rank time: 11919ms
injectEdgeLabelProxies time: 8ms
removeEmptyRanks time: 3ms
nestingGraph.cleanup time: 16ms
normalizeRanks time: 6ms
assignRankMinMax time: 1ms
removeEdgeLabelProxies time: 0ms
normalize.run time: 1928ms
parentDummyChains time: 635ms
addBorderSegments time: 284ms
order time: 211818ms
insertSelfEdges time: 189ms
adjustCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
position time: 19368ms
positionSelfEdges time: 34ms
removeBorderNodes time: 151ms
normalize.undo time: 1294ms
fixupEdgeLabelCoords time: 10ms
undoCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
translateGraph time: 36ms
assignNodeIntersects time: 12ms
reversePoints time: 4ms
acyclic.undo time: 4ms
runLayout time: 247811ms
updateInputGraph time: 19ms
layout time: 248187ms
buildLayoutGraph time: 0ms
makeSpaceForEdgeLabels time: 0ms
removeSelfEdges time: 0ms
acyclic time: 0ms
nestingGraph.run time: 0ms
rank time: 0ms
injectEdgeLabelProxies time: 0ms
removeEmptyRanks time: 0ms
nestingGraph.cleanup time: 0ms
normalizeRanks time: 0ms
assignRankMinMax time: 0ms
removeEdgeLabelProxies time: 0ms
normalize.run time: 0ms
parentDummyChains time: 0ms
addBorderSegments time: 0ms
order time: 1ms
insertSelfEdges time: 0ms
adjustCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
position time: 1ms
positionSelfEdges time: 0ms
removeBorderNodes time: 0ms
normalize.undo time: 0ms
fixupEdgeLabelCoords time: 0ms
undoCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
translateGraph time: 0ms
assignNodeIntersects time: 0ms
reversePoints time: 0ms
acyclic.undo time: 0ms
runLayout time: 3ms
updateInputGraph time: 0ms
layout time: 4ms
total: 248500ms