buildLayoutGraph time: 4ms
makeSpaceForEdgeLabels time: 0ms
removeSelfEdges time: 1ms
acyclic time: 0ms
nestingGraph.run time: 1ms
rank time: 4ms
injectEdgeLabelProxies time: 0ms
removeEmptyRanks time: 1ms
nestingGraph.cleanup time: 0ms
normalizeRanks time: 0ms
assignRankMinMax time: 0ms
removeEdgeLabelProxies time: 0ms
normalize.run time: 1ms
parentDummyChains time: 0ms
addBorderSegments time: 1ms
order time: 10ms
insertSelfEdges time: 0ms
adjustCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
position time: 5ms
positionSelfEdges time: 0ms
removeBorderNodes time: 0ms
normalize.undo time: 1ms
fixupEdgeLabelCoords time: 0ms
undoCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
translateGraph time: 0ms
assignNodeIntersects time: 0ms
reversePoints time: 1ms
acyclic.undo time: 0ms
runLayout time: 26ms
updateInputGraph time: 0ms
layout time: 30ms
buildLayoutGraph time: 352ms
makeSpaceForEdgeLabels time: 5ms
removeSelfEdges time: 1ms
acyclic time: 30ms
nestingGraph.run time: 51ms
rank time: 9434ms
injectEdgeLabelProxies time: 7ms
removeEmptyRanks time: 4ms
nestingGraph.cleanup time: 16ms
normalizeRanks time: 7ms
assignRankMinMax time: 0ms
removeEdgeLabelProxies time: 0ms
normalize.run time: 1995ms
parentDummyChains time: 635ms
addBorderSegments time: 279ms
order time: 213813ms
insertSelfEdges time: 189ms
adjustCoordinateSystem time: 1ms
position time: 19691ms
positionSelfEdges time: 33ms
removeBorderNodes time: 156ms
normalize.undo time: 1284ms
fixupEdgeLabelCoords time: 9ms
undoCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
translateGraph time: 32ms
assignNodeIntersects time: 12ms
reversePoints time: 4ms
acyclic.undo time: 4ms
runLayout time: 247697ms
updateInputGraph time: 23ms
layout time: 248072ms
buildLayoutGraph time: 0ms
makeSpaceForEdgeLabels time: 0ms
removeSelfEdges time: 0ms
acyclic time: 1ms
nestingGraph.run time: 0ms
rank time: 1ms
injectEdgeLabelProxies time: 0ms
removeEmptyRanks time: 0ms
nestingGraph.cleanup time: 0ms
normalizeRanks time: 0ms
assignRankMinMax time: 0ms
removeEdgeLabelProxies time: 0ms
normalize.run time: 0ms
parentDummyChains time: 0ms
addBorderSegments time: 0ms
order time: 1ms
insertSelfEdges time: 0ms
adjustCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
position time: 1ms
positionSelfEdges time: 0ms
removeBorderNodes time: 0ms
normalize.undo time: 0ms
fixupEdgeLabelCoords time: 0ms
undoCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
translateGraph time: 0ms
assignNodeIntersects time: 0ms
reversePoints time: 0ms
acyclic.undo time: 0ms
runLayout time: 5ms
updateInputGraph time: 0ms
layout time: 5ms
total: 250900ms

