buildLayoutGraph time: 4ms
makeSpaceForEdgeLabels time: 0ms
removeSelfEdges time: 0ms
acyclic time: 1ms
nestingGraph.run time: 1ms
rank time: 3ms
injectEdgeLabelProxies time: 0ms
removeEmptyRanks time: 1ms
nestingGraph.cleanup time: 0ms
normalizeRanks time: 0ms
assignRankMinMax time: 0ms
removeEdgeLabelProxies time: 0ms
normalize.run time: 1ms
parentDummyChains time: 0ms
addBorderSegments time: 0ms
order time: 10ms
insertSelfEdges time: 0ms
adjustCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
position time: 5ms
positionSelfEdges time: 0ms
removeBorderNodes time: 0ms
normalize.undo time: 1ms
fixupEdgeLabelCoords time: 0ms
undoCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
translateGraph time: 0ms
assignNodeIntersects time: 0ms
reversePoints time: 0ms
acyclic.undo time: 0ms
runLayout time: 24ms
updateInputGraph time: 0ms
layout time: 28ms
buildLayoutGraph time: 353ms
makeSpaceForEdgeLabels time: 5ms
removeSelfEdges time: 1ms
acyclic time: 31ms
nestingGraph.run time: 50ms
rank time: 11908ms
injectEdgeLabelProxies time: 6ms
removeEmptyRanks time: 4ms
nestingGraph.cleanup time: 16ms
normalizeRanks time: 7ms
assignRankMinMax time: 0ms
removeEdgeLabelProxies time: 1ms
normalize.run time: 1942ms
parentDummyChains time: 646ms
addBorderSegments time: 285ms
order time: 213860ms
insertSelfEdges time: 197ms
adjustCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
position time: 19441ms
positionSelfEdges time: 33ms
removeBorderNodes time: 159ms
normalize.undo time: 1267ms
fixupEdgeLabelCoords time: 9ms
undoCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
translateGraph time: 31ms
assignNodeIntersects time: 13ms
reversePoints time: 4ms
acyclic.undo time: 3ms
runLayout time: 249921ms
updateInputGraph time: 23ms
layout time: 250297ms
buildLayoutGraph time: 1ms
makeSpaceForEdgeLabels time: 0ms
removeSelfEdges time: 0ms
acyclic time: 1ms
nestingGraph.run time: 1ms
rank time: 0ms
injectEdgeLabelProxies time: 0ms
removeEmptyRanks time: 0ms
nestingGraph.cleanup time: 1ms
normalizeRanks time: 0ms
assignRankMinMax time: 0ms
removeEdgeLabelProxies time: 0ms
normalize.run time: 0ms
parentDummyChains time: 0ms
addBorderSegments time: 0ms
order time: 1ms
insertSelfEdges time: 0ms
adjustCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
position time: 0ms
positionSelfEdges time: 0ms
removeBorderNodes time: 0ms
normalize.undo time: 0ms
fixupEdgeLabelCoords time: 0ms
undoCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
translateGraph time: 0ms
assignNodeIntersects time: 0ms
reversePoints time: 0ms
acyclic.undo time: 0ms
runLayout time: 5ms
updateInputGraph time: 0ms
layout time: 6ms
total: 250600ms