buildLayoutGraph time: 4ms
makeSpaceForEdgeLabels time: 1ms
removeSelfEdges time: 0ms
acyclic time: 0ms
nestingGraph.run time: 2ms
rank time: 4ms
injectEdgeLabelProxies time: 0ms
removeEmptyRanks time: 0ms
nestingGraph.cleanup time: 1ms
normalizeRanks time: 0ms
assignRankMinMax time: 0ms
removeEdgeLabelProxies time: 0ms
normalize.run time: 1ms
parentDummyChains time: 0ms
addBorderSegments time: 1ms
order time: 12ms
insertSelfEdges time: 0ms
adjustCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
position time: 4ms
positionSelfEdges time: 0ms
removeBorderNodes time: 0ms
normalize.undo time: 1ms
fixupEdgeLabelCoords time: 0ms
undoCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
translateGraph time: 0ms
assignNodeIntersects time: 1ms
reversePoints time: 0ms
acyclic.undo time: 0ms
runLayout time: 30ms
updateInputGraph time: 0ms
layout time: 34ms
buildLayoutGraph time: 358ms
makeSpaceForEdgeLabels time: 6ms
removeSelfEdges time: 0ms
acyclic time: 30ms
nestingGraph.run time: 51ms
rank time: 11889ms
injectEdgeLabelProxies time: 6ms
removeEmptyRanks time: 4ms
nestingGraph.cleanup time: 18ms
normalizeRanks time: 7ms
assignRankMinMax time: 0ms
removeEdgeLabelProxies time: 1ms
normalize.run time: 1942ms
parentDummyChains time: 627ms
addBorderSegments time: 284ms
order time: 214044ms
insertSelfEdges time: 194ms
adjustCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
position time: 19657ms
positionSelfEdges time: 34ms
removeBorderNodes time: 157ms
normalize.undo time: 1287ms
fixupEdgeLabelCoords time: 9ms
undoCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
translateGraph time: 32ms
assignNodeIntersects time: 15ms
reversePoints time: 6ms
acyclic.undo time: 4ms
runLayout time: 250307ms
updateInputGraph time: 23ms
layout time: 250688ms
buildLayoutGraph time: 1ms
makeSpaceForEdgeLabels time: 0ms
removeSelfEdges time: 0ms
acyclic time: 0ms
nestingGraph.run time: 1ms
rank time: 1ms
injectEdgeLabelProxies time: 0ms
removeEmptyRanks time: 0ms
nestingGraph.cleanup time: 0ms
normalizeRanks time: 0ms
assignRankMinMax time: 1ms
removeEdgeLabelProxies time: 0ms
normalize.run time: 0ms
parentDummyChains time: 0ms
addBorderSegments time: 0ms
order time: 1ms
insertSelfEdges time: 0ms
adjustCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
position time: 1ms
positionSelfEdges time: 0ms
removeBorderNodes time: 0ms
normalize.undo time: 0ms
fixupEdgeLabelCoords time: 0ms
undoCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
translateGraph time: 0ms
assignNodeIntersects time: 0ms
reversePoints time: 0ms
acyclic.undo time: 0ms
runLayout time: 5ms
updateInputGraph time: 0ms
layout time: 6ms
total: 251000ms