buildLayoutGraph time: 4ms
makeSpaceForEdgeLabels time: 0ms
removeSelfEdges time: 0ms
acyclic time: 1ms
nestingGraph.run time: 1ms
rank time: 3ms
injectEdgeLabelProxies time: 0ms
removeEmptyRanks time: 1ms
nestingGraph.cleanup time: 0ms
normalizeRanks time: 0ms
assignRankMinMax time: 0ms
removeEdgeLabelProxies time: 1ms
normalize.run time: 0ms
parentDummyChains time: 1ms
addBorderSegments time: 0ms
order time: 10ms
insertSelfEdges time: 0ms
adjustCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
position time: 5ms
positionSelfEdges time: 0ms
removeBorderNodes time: 0ms
normalize.undo time: 0ms
fixupEdgeLabelCoords time: 1ms
undoCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
translateGraph time: 0ms
assignNodeIntersects time: 0ms
reversePoints time: 0ms
acyclic.undo time: 1ms
runLayout time: 25ms
updateInputGraph time: 0ms
layout time: 29ms
buildLayoutGraph time: 350ms
makeSpaceForEdgeLabels time: 5ms
removeSelfEdges time: 1ms
acyclic time: 31ms
nestingGraph.run time: 50ms
rank time: 11839ms
injectEdgeLabelProxies time: 7ms
removeEmptyRanks time: 3ms
nestingGraph.cleanup time: 17ms
normalizeRanks time: 7ms
assignRankMinMax time: 0ms
removeEdgeLabelProxies time: 0ms
normalize.run time: 1912ms
parentDummyChains time: 634ms
addBorderSegments time: 286ms
order time: 212360ms
insertSelfEdges time: 190ms
adjustCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
position time: 19400ms
positionSelfEdges time: 33ms
removeBorderNodes time: 152ms
normalize.undo time: 1268ms
fixupEdgeLabelCoords time: 13ms
undoCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
translateGraph time: 33ms
assignNodeIntersects time: 14ms
reversePoints time: 6ms
acyclic.undo time: 4ms
runLayout time: 248266ms
updateInputGraph time: 19ms
layout time: 248635ms
buildLayoutGraph time: 1ms
makeSpaceForEdgeLabels time: 0ms
removeSelfEdges time: 0ms
acyclic time: 0ms
nestingGraph.run time: 1ms
rank time: 1ms
injectEdgeLabelProxies time: 0ms
removeEmptyRanks time: 0ms
nestingGraph.cleanup time: 0ms
normalizeRanks time: 0ms
assignRankMinMax time: 1ms
removeEdgeLabelProxies time: 0ms
normalize.run time: 0ms
parentDummyChains time: 0ms
addBorderSegments time: 0ms
order time: 1ms
insertSelfEdges time: 0ms
adjustCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
position time: 0ms
positionSelfEdges time: 0ms
removeBorderNodes time: 0ms
normalize.undo time: 0ms
fixupEdgeLabelCoords time: 0ms
undoCoordinateSystem time: 0ms
translateGraph time: 0ms
assignNodeIntersects time: 0ms
reversePoints time: 0ms
acyclic.undo time: 0ms
runLayout time: 5ms
updateInputGraph time: 0ms
layout time: 6ms
total: 249000ms